Add filter methods for supported methods (#1994)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: services/reference/_partials/filter-methods/_eth_newblockfilter-description.mdx

Creates a filter in the node, to notify when a new block arrives. To check if the state has
changed, call [`eth_getFilterChanges`](../eth_getfilterchanges).

> :::warning Expires after fifteen minutes of inactivity
> Filters that are not polled using [`eth_getFilterChanges`](../eth_getfilterchanges) automatically
> expires after fifteen minutes of inactivity.
> Filter IDs can be polled by any connection using the same `<YOUR-API-KEY>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Expires after 15 minutes of inactivity
Filters that are not polled using [`eth_getFilterChanges`](../eth_getfilterchanges) automatically
expires after 15 minutes of inactivity.
Filter IDs can be polled by any connection using the same API key.
```
